A procedurally generated open world game where you are an adventurer. Your goal is to survive in this constantly evolving world, adapting, growing, and becoming more powerful to defeat the never ending waves.

The world is procedurally generated, and limitless. Everything from villages, forests, deserts, oceans, everything. Across the land are many quests which will help you gain skills and protect the world that is in danger. 

The waves appear in set intervals, which allow you to prepare for them. The location is randomly choosen within the generated world. It will target villages, camps, defenses, anything of importance, but sometimes will spawn in the middle of nowhere to grow large enough to take on more equipped defenses.

As the game is an open world, it encourages the player to search for quests, which are completely randomly generated, and will allow the player to earn unique skills, level up, get new weapons, and other fun things. Think of it like the cardinal system in SAO. A higher system creates quests randomly, events, alters terrain, or otherwise manages the world state by closely monitoring it. It will even go so far as to make waves more powerful, higher numbers, further spread, or otherwise harder to handle if the player has too easy of a time. Too hard a time it will dial everything back a bit so the player isn't completely ruined from events.

Death in the world is permanant. No exceptions. This world is the adventure of a single character, who is born, lives, and dies in one single world. The game actually will start with simulation of the world to develop it and allow the character that the player plays as to grow up to the age you will begin to play as them. Something that happens over time in the game, is that you will age. There are ways to slow, and even reverse age in the world, but they become more and more expensive, and less and less effective. Some magic will increase age at drastic rates to release great power. Younger characters have easier times with mobility, but less strength. Prime characters will have all around great states, but past this they will start to decline.

Characters will have skills, traits, and other stats. Skills are able to be learned and forgotten, and range from swords, bows, spells, and martial arts. Traits are gained over time, from parents, and can be gained from experiences of the character. Other stats may include sicknesses, agendas, preferences, relationships, age, and other such things.

All characters in game, except the main player character, will be completely simulated. Controlled by the cardinal system, these characters are really complete parts of the world. The death or birth of one can drastically change the world by itself. If they are a trader, they could be responsible for transporting goods that cities need to keep off waves, or even plot to kill the main player's character. They truly are hard to describe, and operate completely on their own.